Add manual steps to v2 - v3 upgrade guide (#86)
projectsyn/component-cert-manager: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-v2-v3.adoc

Version 2.x upgrades the underlying `cert-manager` Helm chart from `v1.5.x` to `v1.8.x`.
With this release old API versions (`v1alpha2`, `v1alpha3`, and `v1beta1`) will no longer be served by the API.

> This upgrade requires manual steps and older software and definitions might still use the older API versions.

Reviewer: Not all clusters require manual steps, only clusters which were initially setup with cert-manager <= 1.0 IIRC.

```suggestion
This upgrade may require manual steps and older software and definitions might still use the older API versions.
```

== `cmctl`

`cmctl` offers various helpers to simplify cert-manager upgrades.

NOTE: There is also a Docker image available at https://quay.io/repository/jetstack/cert-manager-ctl

=== Upgrade existing objects to `v1`

> To upgrade existing resources to `v1`, run the following command before upgrading cert-manager:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upgrade existing resources to `v1`, run the following command **before** upgrading cert-manager:
```

[source,shell]
----
cmctl upgrade migrate-api-version --as=cluster-admin
----

=== Convert manifests to `v1`

> `cmctl` has a https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/cmctl/#convert[convert command] that can be used to convert manifests to `v1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to upgrade manifest files in your repositories, `cmctl` also has a https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/cmctl/#convert[convert command] that can be used to convert local manifest files to `v1`.
```

[source,shell]
----

> cmctl convert -f cert.yaml

Author: That's just needed if you want to upgrade some local manifests (not every cert-manager object is managed through Syn and most customers don't interact with Syn at all).

`cert.yaml` could also be `myfancylocalcertrequest.yaml`

> cmctl convert -f cert.yaml

Reviewer 3: That is what I assumed, but it is not clear from the text.
